Happy birthday General Director Tran
It's your birthday.
I said how mysterious Deputy General Director Chen is today.
The birthday of the Shen Lang brothers
Then we have to drink more.
Let's first toast to the happy birthday of the Shen Lang brothers.
I thank you all.
Happy birthday.
Do you like such a birthday gift?
Are you talking about you?
Your brother's girlfriend gave you a birthday present.
Puncture without stimulation.
money for a long time.
I can't believe you're so brave.
There are people inside.
Welcome Director
Liao Dai Trang and I are a combination of benefits.
He's because of the stake in my hand.
But I didn't let him start.
After today
I'll transfer my shares to you.
Let me ride on their heads.
What the hell keeps knocking?
Believe it or not, I'll kill you.